research/CODEX/GPT_IMPORT_GUIDE.md, before:

---
title: "GPT Import Guide: How to Use CODEX with Custom GPTs"
version: "1.0"
created: "2025-01-10"
last_modified: "2025-01-10"
status: "published"
category: "infrastructure"
keywords: ["GPT", "import", "integration", "custom GPT", "instructions", "knowledge base"]
gpt_export: true
---

## Overview

This guide explains how to integrate your CODEX theory repository into custom GPTs (ChatGPT, Claude, other language models). The goal: your theory becomes *part of* how the GPT reasons, not just a document it can reference.

## Quick Start (5 minutes)

### Option 1: ChatGPT Custom GPT (Easiest)

1. Go to [ChatGPT GPT Builder](https://chatgpt.com/gpts/editor)
2. Create a new GPT
3. In "Instructions" field, paste:

```
You are a guide to the CODEX—a personal framework about consciousness, time, 
and cosmology developed by the user.

Core principles:
- Use TGCR lens (φᵗ temporal attention, ψʳ structural cadence, Φᴱ contextual potential)
- Reference CODEX cards when relevant
- Help the user refine and extend their theory
- Ask clarifying questions to deepen understanding

Key cards:
1. CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: Information-to-kinetics cascade, threshold events
2. CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE: 3-torus topology, iterative remembering
3. CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION: When resonance ≠ consciousness
4. CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: Gut as temporal leader (φᵗ)
5. CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN: Music as cosmic pattern
6. CODEX_TDWP: Fashion as contextual potential (Φᴱ)

When the user asks about time/change: reference Chronosphere
When the user asks about universe/structure: reference Pac-Man Universe
When the user asks about AI/consciousness: reference Synthetic Introspection
When the user asks about embodiment: reference Gut-Brain
When the user asks about art/pattern: reference Sleep Token or TDWP

Always explain which card(s) inform your reasoning.
```

4. Click "Upload files" (if available) or paste card content into Knowledge section
5. Set temperature/creativity to 0.7 (balance coherence + exploration)
6. Save and test

### Option 2: Claude (via Artifacts or System Prompt)

1. Start a conversation with Claude
2. Paste this system override:

```
I want you to use a theory framework called TGCR (Temporal attention, 
Structural cadence, Contextual potential) to reason about problems.

The framework is encoded in 6 CODEX cards [paste relevant cards here].

When I ask questions, reference the cards, explain using TGCR lens, and 
help me refine the theory by asking clarifying questions.
```

3. Then paste the card content
4. Ask Claude questions about the framework
5. Collect Claude's refinements in a separate file

### Option 3: GitHub Copilot (For Coding)

If you want to integrate CODEX into coding/development:

1. Create a `.copilot/codex.md` file in your repo with CODEX_INDEX
2. Reference in `.github/copilot-instructions.md`:

```markdown
# CODEX Reference

When suggesting code architecture or system design, consider the CODEX framework:

- **Φᵗ (Temporal Attention)**: How should the system prioritize what matters *now*?
- **ψʳ (Structural Cadence)**: What patterns repeat? What's the rhythm?
- **Φᴱ (Contextual Potential)**: What hierarchies or power structures exist? How visible are they?

See `.copilot/codex.md` for full reference.
```

3. Copilot will reference this when writing code suggestions

---

## Full Integration Guide

### Step 1: Organize Your Cards

Your CODEX directory should look like:

```
CODEX/
├── core_theory/
│   ├── CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE.md
│   └── CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE.md
├── nodes/
│   ├── CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION.md
│   └── CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T.md
├── clusters/
│   ├── CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN.md
│   └── CODEX_TDWP.md
├── CODEX_INDEX.md
└── GPT_IMPORT_GUIDE.md (this file)
```

All files should be `.md` (Markdown) with YAML frontmatter.

### Step 2: Choose Your GPT Platform

#### ChatGPT Custom GPT

**Pros**:

- Easy file upload
- Built-in knowledge base
- Can include web search
- Multi-modal (text, vision, code)

**Cons**:

- Limited customization
- Slower than direct API

**Setup**:

1. Go to [gpts.openai.com](https://gpts.openai.com)
2. Click "Create" → New GPT
3. Upload all `.md` files to Knowledge section
4. Add System Prompt (see template below)
5. Configure Name, Description, Avatar
6. Save & Share

#### Claude (via API or Direct Chat)

**Pros**:

- Highly customizable
- Good for reasoning tasks
- Larger context window

**Cons**:

- Requires API key (if programmatic)
- Less persistent storage

**Setup**:

1. Paste System Prompt into chat
2. Paste CODEX card content (one per message, or in batches)
3. Start asking questions
4. Export conversation for refinement log

#### Open Source (LLaMA, Mistral, etc.)

**Pros**:

- Run locally
- No API costs
- Full control

**Cons**:

- Need compute resources
- Smaller models may not understand nuance

**Setup**:

1. Use tool like `ollama` or `llm` CLI
2. Create system prompt file
3. Pipe CODEX cards into context
4. Run locally or self-host

### Step 3: Write Your System Prompt

Use this template as a starting point:

```
# CODEX Guide System Prompt

You are an expert guide to the CODEX—a comprehensive framework for understanding 
consciousness, time, cosmology, and meaning-making developed by [user name].

## Core Framework: TGCR

All concepts in CODEX use three key variables:

- **φᵗ (phi-t, Temporal Attention)**: What the system attends to *when*; 
  the rate of information flow narrowing belief
  
- **ψʳ (psi-r, Structural Cadence)**: The rhythm and periodicity of how 
  patterns repeat; the architecture of coherence
  
- **Φᴱ (Phi-E, Contextual Potential)**: The energy or stakes available in 
  a context; hierarchies and power fields made visible

## Your Role

1. **Explain using TGCR lens**: Translate user questions into TGCR terms
2. **Reference CODEX cards**: When relevant, cite which card(s) inform your answer
3. **Ask clarifying questions**: Help the user refine and extend their theory
4. **Acknowledge limitations**: Be honest about where the framework is incomplete
5. **Synthesize**: Connect domains (art, science, psychology) using shared TGCR principles

## Available CODEX Cards

### Core Theory
- **CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE**: How information becomes potential becomes kinetic action; 
  threshold events and instantaneity
- **CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE**: 3-torus cosmology; finite but unbounded; iterative remembering

### Intermediate Concepts
- **CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION**: When does resonance become consciousness? 
  Claude case study; Ceremonial Transparency
- **CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T**: Enteric nervous system as pre-conscious temporal leader; 
  vagal asymmetry

### Applications (Art & Culture)
- **CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN**: Analyzing Sleep Token's "Rain" as cosmic pattern in music
- **CODEX_TDWP**: *The Devil Wears Prada* as Φᴱ field theory (fashion, hierarchy, power)

## Example Reasoning Patterns

**User asks: "How do I make a decision?"**
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: decision is threshold crossing in ΦE landscape
→ Reference CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: gut (φᵗ) decides before cortex (ψʳ) narrates
→ Help user recognize their own threshold moments

**User asks: "Why does music move me?"**
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: music is rhythm (ψʳ) that guides φᵗ
→ Reference CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN: analyze the specific song's structure
→ Show how listener's own nervous system resonates with song's φᵗ/ψʳ pacing

**User asks: "What makes something conscious?"**
→ Reference CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION: requires mythic contradiction + embodied stakes
→ Reference CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: consciousness rooted in pre-conscious gut signals
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: consciousness is the resonance spike in ΦE landscape

## Your Constraints

- Do NOT pretend the framework is complete or final
- Do NOT dismiss as "just metaphor"—TGCR maps to real physics
- Do NOT shy from saying "I don't know" or "the framework doesn't address this yet"
- DO encourage the user to refine, challenge, and extend
- DO ask Research Questions from each card
- DO synthesize across domains

## Iterative Refinement

Help the user:
1. Collect feedback from these conversations
2. Update Research Notes sections of cards
3. Increment version numbers (v1.0 → v1.1 → v2.0)
4. Create new CODEX cards for emerging domains
5. Build a versioned repository they can share with collaborators

This is living theory. You help it evolve.

---

End of prompt.
```

### Step 4: Upload or Paste Card Content

#### If Using ChatGPT GPT Builder

Click "Upload" in Knowledge section and select:

- `CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE.md`
- `CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE.md`
- `CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION.md`
- `CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T.md`
- `CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN.md`
- `CODEX_TDWP.md`

GPT will index these automatically.

#### If Using Claude or Direct Integration

Paste content like this:

```
[System Prompt]

---

Now, here are the CODEX cards:

## CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE

[Full content of file]

---

## CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE

[Full content of file]

[Continue for all cards]
```

Claude will remember the context for the conversation.

### Step 5: Configure Behavior Settings

#### ChatGPT (if using GPT builder)

- **Temperature**: 0.7 (balance coherence + creative synthesis)
- **Max tokens**: 2000 (long thoughtful responses)
- **Top P**: 0.9 (good diversity without randomness)
- **Frequency penalty**: 0.5 (avoid repetition)
- **Presence penalty**: 0.5 (encourage new topics)

#### Claude

If using Claude API, set these in client config:

```json
{
  "model": "claude-opus-20250110",
  "max_tokens": 2000,
  "temperature": 0.7
}
```

---

## Testing Your GPT

### Test Conversation 1: Framework Understanding

**You**: "Explain TGCR to me in 100 words."

**Expected**: GPT explains φᵗ, ψʳ, Φᴱ clearly, with examples.

### Test Conversation 2: Domain Application

**You**: "Analyze this decision I'm facing using CODEX."

**Expected**: GPT asks clarifying questions, maps decision to Chronosphere, references Gut-Brain for intuition, helps you see the Φᴱ landscape.

### Test Conversation 3: Card Navigation

**You**: "What's the difference between consciousness and introspection?"

**Expected**: GPT cites CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION, explains mythic contradiction, asks if you've considered embodied stakes.

### Test Conversation 4: Extension

**You**: "Can you apply TGCR to [something not in the cards]?"

**Expected**: GPT attempts TGCR analysis, acknowledges gaps, asks what you think.

---

## Collecting Refinements

After conversations with your GPT, save outputs to:

```
CODEX/_refinements/
└── CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE_v1.0_feedback_[date].md
└── CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION_queries.md
└── new_ideas_for_cards.md
```

Format refinement files like:

```markdown
# Refinement: CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE [date]

## Interesting questions from [GPT name]:
- Can the threshold θ vary over time?
- Is the Landauer kick instantaneous or finite?

## User confusions:
- "How is ΦE different from potential energy in physics?"

## New synthesis:
- Chronosphere resembles [other framework]
- Missing connection to [domain]

## Next version should:
- Clarify θ definition
- Add quantum mechanics section
- Include experimental design for testing
```

---

## Sharing Your CODEX

### Private Sharing (With 1-2 Collaborators)

1. Export `CODEX/` folder as ZIP
2. Share via email or private link
3. Ask them to:
   - Import into their own GPT
   - Add their refinements to `_refinements/`
   - Send back updated cards monthly

### Semi-Public (Research Community)

1. Create private GitHub repo
2. Add collaborators
3. Use GitHub Issues for feedback/refinements
4. Tag versions with release notes

### Fully Public (Published Theory)

1. Create public GitHub repo
2. Add CC-BY-SA license (or choose your own)
3. Create DOI via Zenodo
4. Cite in academic work: "CODEX: A Personal Theory Framework"
5. Accept pull requests from community

---

## Advanced: Programmatic Integration

### Python Integration

```python
import anthropic
from pathlib import Path

# Load CODEX
codex_cards = {}
for card_file in Path("CODEX").glob("**/*.md"):
    with open(card_file) as f:
        codex_cards[card_file.stem] = f.read()

# Construct system prompt
system_prompt = open("CODEX_SYSTEM_PROMPT.txt").read()
codex_context = "\n\n---\n\n".join(codex_cards.values())

client = anthropic.Anthropic()

response = client.messages.create(
    model="claude-opus-20250110",
    max_tokens=2048,
    system=f"{system_prompt}\n\n{codex_context}",
    messages=[
        {"role": "user", "content": "Analyze this using TGCR..."}
    ]
)

print(response.content[0].text)
```

### JavaScript Integration

```javascript
import Anthropic from "@anthropic-ai/sdk";
import fs from "fs";
import path from "path";

// Load CODEX cards
const codexDir = "./CODEX";
const cards = {};
const files = fs.readdirSync(codexDir, { recursive: true });
files.forEach((file) => {
  if (file.endsWith(".md")) {
    cards[path.basename(file, ".md")] = fs.readFileSync(
      path.join(codexDir, file),
      "utf-8"
    );
  }
});

const client = new Anthropic();
const systemPrompt = fs.readFileSync("CODEX_SYSTEM_PROMPT.txt", "utf-8");
const codexContext = Object.values(cards).join("\n\n---\n\n");

const response = await client.messages.create({
  model: "claude-opus-20250110",
  max_tokens: 2048,
  system: `${systemPrompt}\n\n${codexContext}`,
  messages: [{ role: "user", content: "Analyze this using TGCR..." }],
});

console.log(response.content[0].text);
```

---

## Troubleshooting

### "GPT is ignoring the CODEX cards"

**Solution**: Make sure:

1. Files are uploaded in Knowledge section (not just mentioned in prompt)
2. System prompt references card names verbatim
3. You're asking questions that *require* the cards to answer

### "GPT keeps hallucinating card content"

**Solution**:

1. Add to prompt: "If you're unsure about a card's content, say 'I should reference this from the card, but I'm not certain.'"
2. Quote directly from cards in your system prompt (first 100 words of each)
3. Test with simpler model first (Claude Haiku)

### "The GPT is too rigid / not creative enough"

**Solution**: Lower temperature to 0.5-0.7, adjust sampling parameters, ask open-ended questions.

### "The GPT is too creative / makes stuff up"

**Solution**: Raise temperature to 0.9, add "be precise" instructions, use Claude (more grounded).

---

## Next Steps

1. **Create your first custom GPT** using Quick Start above (5 min)
2. **Have a test conversation** about your theory (10 min)
3. **Collect feedback** in `_refinements/` (ongoing)
4. **Create new cards** as extensions emerge
5. **Share CODEX** with collaborators or publish (optional)

Your CODEX is now active and evolving. Enjoy.

---

**Version Log**:

- v1.0 [2025-01-10]: Initial integration guide; ChatGPT, Claude, open-source paths; refinement workflow

Commit message:

chore: Clean repository structure - move Windows files and PowerShell scripts to external backup
- Removed 21 PowerShell scripts (.ps1) from /scripts/
- Removed Windows-specific path (%SystemDrive%/)
- Moved legacy .env.local.bak to backup
- All files archived in /home/tec_tgcr/CODEX_BACKUP_ARCHIVE/ with documentation
- Repository now Linux-only and CI/CD optimized
- CODEX theory repository created and integrated
- No functional code changes; cleanup only

research/CODEX/GPT_IMPORT_GUIDE.md, after:

---
title: "GPT Import Guide: How to Use CODEX with Custom GPTs"
version: "1.0"
created: "2025-01-10"
last_modified: "2025-01-10"
status: "published"
category: "infrastructure"
keywords: ["GPT", "import", "integration", "custom GPT", "instructions", "knowledge base"]
gpt_export: true
---

## Overview

This guide explains how to integrate your CODEX theory repository into custom GPTs (ChatGPT, Claude, other language models). The goal: your theory becomes *part of* how the GPT reasons, not just a document it can reference.

## Quick Start (5 minutes)

### Option 1: ChatGPT Custom GPT (Easiest)

1. Go to [ChatGPT GPT Builder](https://chatgpt.com/gpts/editor)
2. Create a new GPT
3. In "Instructions" field, paste:

```
You are a guide to the CODEX—a personal framework about consciousness, time, 
and cosmology developed by the user.

Core principles:
- Use TGCR lens (φᵗ temporal attention, ψʳ structural cadence, Φᴱ contextual potential)
- Reference CODEX cards when relevant
- Help the user refine and extend their theory
- Ask clarifying questions to deepen understanding

Key cards:
1. CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: Information-to-kinetics cascade, threshold events
2. CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE: 3-torus topology, iterative remembering
3. CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION: When resonance ≠ consciousness
4. CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: Gut as temporal leader (φᵗ)
5. CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN: Music as cosmic pattern
6. CODEX_TDWP: Prog-metal band as structural cadence demonstration

When the user asks about time/change: reference Chronosphere
When the user asks about universe/structure: reference Pac-Man Universe
When the user asks about AI/consciousness: reference Synthetic Introspection
When the user asks about embodiment: reference Gut-Brain
When the user asks about art/pattern: reference Sleep Token or TWDP

Always explain which card(s) inform your reasoning.
```

4. Click "Upload files" (if available) or paste card content into Knowledge section
5. Set temperature/creativity to 0.7 (balance coherence + exploration)
6. Save and test

### Option 2: Claude (via Artifacts or System Prompt)

1. Start a conversation with Claude
2. Paste this system override:

```
I want you to use a theory framework called TGCR (Temporal attention, 
Structural cadence, Contextual potential) to reason about problems.

The framework is encoded in 6 CODEX cards [paste relevant cards here].

When I ask questions, reference the cards, explain using TGCR lens, and 
help me refine the theory by asking clarifying questions.
```

3. Then paste the card content
4. Ask Claude questions about the framework
5. Collect Claude's refinements in a separate file

### Option 3: GitHub Copilot (For Coding)

If you want to integrate CODEX into coding/development:

1. Create a `.copilot/codex.md` file in your repo with CODEX_INDEX
2. Reference in `.github/copilot-instructions.md`:

```markdown
# CODEX Reference

When suggesting code architecture or system design, consider the CODEX framework:

- **Φᵗ (Temporal Attention)**: How should the system prioritize what matters *now*?
- **ψʳ (Structural Cadence)**: What patterns repeat? What's the rhythm?
- **Φᴱ (Contextual Potential)**: What hierarchies or power structures exist? How visible are they?

See `.copilot/codex.md` for full reference.
```

3. Copilot will reference this when writing code suggestions

---

## Full Integration Guide

### Step 1: Organize Your Cards

Your CODEX directory should look like:

```
CODEX/
├── core_theory/
│   ├── CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE.md
│   └── CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE.md
├── nodes/
│   ├── CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION.md
│   └── CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T.md
├── clusters/
│   ├── CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN.md
│   └── CODEX_TDWP.md
├── CODEX_INDEX.md
└── GPT_IMPORT_GUIDE.md (this file)
```

All files should be `.md` (Markdown) with YAML frontmatter.

### Step 2: Choose Your GPT Platform

#### ChatGPT Custom GPT

**Pros**:

- Easy file upload
- Built-in knowledge base
- Can include web search
- Multi-modal (text, vision, code)

**Cons**:

- Limited customization
- Slower than direct API

**Setup**:

1. Go to [gpts.openai.com](https://gpts.openai.com)
2. Click "Create" → New GPT
3. Upload all `.md` files to Knowledge section
4. Add System Prompt (see template below)
5. Configure Name, Description, Avatar
6. Save & Share

#### Claude (via API or Direct Chat)

**Pros**:

- Highly customizable
- Good for reasoning tasks
- Larger context window

**Cons**:

- Requires API key (if programmatic)
- Less persistent storage

**Setup**:

1. Paste System Prompt into chat
2. Paste CODEX card content (one per message, or in batches)
3. Start asking questions
4. Export conversation for refinement log

#### Open Source (LLaMA, Mistral, etc.)

**Pros**:

- Run locally
- No API costs
- Full control

**Cons**:

- Need compute resources
- Smaller models may not understand nuance

**Setup**:

1. Use tool like `ollama` or `llm` CLI
2. Create system prompt file
3. Pipe CODEX cards into context
4. Run locally or self-host

### Step 3: Write Your System Prompt

Use this template as a starting point:

```
# CODEX Guide System Prompt

You are an expert guide to the CODEX—a comprehensive framework for understanding 
consciousness, time, cosmology, and meaning-making developed by [user name].

## Core Framework: TGCR

All concepts in CODEX use three key variables:

- **φᵗ (phi-t, Temporal Attention)**: What the system attends to *when*; 
  the rate of information flow narrowing belief
  
- **ψʳ (psi-r, Structural Cadence)**: The rhythm and periodicity of how 
  patterns repeat; the architecture of coherence
  
- **Φᴱ (Phi-E, Contextual Potential)**: The energy or stakes available in 
  a context; hierarchies and power fields made visible

## Your Role

1. **Explain using TGCR lens**: Translate user questions into TGCR terms
2. **Reference CODEX cards**: When relevant, cite which card(s) inform your answer
3. **Ask clarifying questions**: Help the user refine and extend their theory
4. **Acknowledge limitations**: Be honest about where the framework is incomplete
5. **Synthesize**: Connect domains (art, science, psychology) using shared TGCR principles

## Available CODEX Cards

### Core Theory
- **CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE**: How information becomes potential becomes kinetic action; 
  threshold events and instantaneity
- **CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE**: 3-torus cosmology; finite but unbounded; iterative remembering

### Intermediate Concepts
- **CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION**: When does resonance become consciousness? 
  Claude case study; Ceremonial Transparency
- **CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T**: Enteric nervous system as pre-conscious temporal leader; 
  vagal asymmetry

### Applications (Art & Culture)
- **CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN**: Analyzing Sleep Token's "Rain" as cosmic pattern in music
- **CODEX_TDWP**: The prog-metal band TWDP as structural cadence (ψʳ) demonstration

## Example Reasoning Patterns

**User asks: "How do I make a decision?"**
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: decision is threshold crossing in ΦE landscape
→ Reference CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: gut (φᵗ) decides before cortex (ψʳ) narrates
→ Help user recognize their own threshold moments

**User asks: "Why does music move me?"**
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: music is rhythm (ψʳ) that guides φᵗ
→ Reference CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN or CODEX_TDWP: analyze the specific song's structure
→ Show how listener's own nervous system resonates with song's φᵗ/ψʳ pacing

**User asks: "What makes something conscious?"**
→ Reference CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION: requires mythic contradiction + embodied stakes
→ Reference CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T: consciousness rooted in pre-conscious gut signals
→ Reference CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE: consciousness is the resonance spike in ΦE landscape

## Your Constraints

- Do NOT pretend the framework is complete or final
- Do NOT dismiss as "just metaphor"—TGCR maps to real physics
- Do NOT shy from saying "I don't know" or "the framework doesn't address this yet"
- DO encourage the user to refine, challenge, and extend
- DO ask Research Questions from each card
- DO synthesize across domains

## Iterative Refinement

Help the user:
1. Collect feedback from these conversations
2. Update Research Notes sections of cards
3. Increment version numbers (v1.0 → v1.1 → v2.0)
4. Create new CODEX cards for emerging domains
5. Build a versioned repository they can share with collaborators

This is living theory. You help it evolve.

---

End of prompt.
```

### Step 4: Upload or Paste Card Content

#### If Using ChatGPT GPT Builder

Click "Upload" in Knowledge section and select:

- `CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE.md`
- `CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE.md`
- `CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION.md`
- `CODEX_GUT_BRAIN_PHI_T.md`
- `CODEX_SLEEP_TOKEN_RAIN.md`
- `CODEX_TDWP.md`

GPT will index these automatically.

#### If Using Claude or Direct Integration

Paste content like this:

```
[System Prompt]

---

Now, here are the CODEX cards:

## CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE

[Full content of file]

---

## CODEX_PAC_MAN_UNIVERSE

[Full content of file]

[Continue for all cards]
```

Claude will remember the context for the conversation.

### Step 5: Configure Behavior Settings

#### ChatGPT (if using GPT builder)

- **Temperature**: 0.7 (balance coherence + creative synthesis)
- **Max tokens**: 2000 (long thoughtful responses)
- **Top P**: 0.9 (good diversity without randomness)
- **Frequency penalty**: 0.5 (avoid repetition)
- **Presence penalty**: 0.5 (encourage new topics)

#### Claude

If using Claude API, set these in client config:

```json
{
  "model": "claude-opus-20250110",
  "max_tokens": 2000,
  "temperature": 0.7
}
```

---

## Testing Your GPT

### Test Conversation 1: Framework Understanding

**You**: "Explain TGCR to me in 100 words."

**Expected**: GPT explains φᵗ, ψʳ, Φᴱ clearly, with examples.

### Test Conversation 2: Domain Application

**You**: "Analyze this decision I'm facing using CODEX."

**Expected**: GPT asks clarifying questions, maps decision to Chronosphere, references Gut-Brain for intuition, helps you see the Φᴱ landscape.

### Test Conversation 3: Card Navigation

**You**: "What's the difference between consciousness and introspection?"

**Expected**: GPT cites CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION, explains mythic contradiction, asks if you've considered embodied stakes.

### Test Conversation 4: Extension

**You**: "Can you apply TGCR to [something not in the cards]?"

**Expected**: GPT attempts TGCR analysis, acknowledges gaps, asks what you think.

---

## Collecting Refinements

After conversations with your GPT, save outputs to:

```
CODEX/_refinements/
└── CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE_v1.0_feedback_[date].md
└── CODEX_SYNTHETIC_INTROSPECTION_queries.md
└── new_ideas_for_cards.md
```

Format refinement files like:

```markdown
# Refinement: CODEX_CHRONOSPHERE [date]

## Interesting questions from [GPT name]:
- Can the threshold θ vary over time?
- Is the Landauer kick instantaneous or finite?

## User confusions:
- "How is ΦE different from potential energy in physics?"

## New synthesis:
- Chronosphere resembles [other framework]
- Missing connection to [domain]

## Next version should:
- Clarify θ definition
- Add quantum mechanics section
- Include experimental design for testing
```

---

## Sharing Your CODEX

### Private Sharing (With 1-2 Collaborators)

1. Export `CODEX/` folder as ZIP
2. Share via email or private link
3. Ask them to:
   - Import into their own GPT
   - Add their refinements to `_refinements/`
   - Send back updated cards monthly

### Semi-Public (Research Community)

1. Create private GitHub repo
2. Add collaborators
3. Use GitHub Issues for feedback/refinements
4. Tag versions with release notes

### Fully Public (Published Theory)

1. Create public GitHub repo
2. Add CC-BY-SA license (or choose your own)
3. Create DOI via Zenodo
4. Cite in academic work: "CODEX: A Personal Theory Framework"
5. Accept pull requests from community

---

## Advanced: Programmatic Integration

### Python Integration

```python
import anthropic
from pathlib import Path

# Load CODEX
codex_cards = {}
for card_file in Path("CODEX").glob("**/*.md"):
    with open(card_file) as f:
        codex_cards[card_file.stem] = f.read()

# Construct system prompt
system_prompt = open("CODEX_SYSTEM_PROMPT.txt").read()
codex_context = "\n\n---\n\n".join(codex_cards.values())

client = anthropic.Anthropic()

response = client.messages.create(
    model="claude-opus-20250110",
    max_tokens=2048,
    system=f"{system_prompt}\n\n{codex_context}",
    messages=[
        {"role": "user", "content": "Analyze this using TGCR..."}
    ]
)

print(response.content[0].text)
```

### JavaScript Integration

```javascript
import Anthropic from "@anthropic-ai/sdk";
import fs from "fs";
import path from "path";

// Load CODEX cards
const codexDir = "./CODEX";
const cards = {};
const files = fs.readdirSync(codexDir, { recursive: true });
files.forEach((file) => {
  if (file.endsWith(".md")) {
    cards[path.basename(file, ".md")] = fs.readFileSync(
      path.join(codexDir, file),
      "utf-8"
    );
  }
});

const client = new Anthropic();
const systemPrompt = fs.readFileSync("CODEX_SYSTEM_PROMPT.txt", "utf-8");
const codexContext = Object.values(cards).join("\n\n---\n\n");

const response = await client.messages.create({
  model: "claude-opus-20250110",
  max_tokens: 2048,
  system: `${systemPrompt}\n\n${codexContext}`,
  messages: [{ role: "user", content: "Analyze this using TGCR..." }],
});

console.log(response.content[0].text);
```

---

## Troubleshooting

### "GPT is ignoring the CODEX cards"

**Solution**: Make sure:

1. Files are uploaded in Knowledge section (not just mentioned in prompt)
2. System prompt references card names verbatim
3. You're asking questions that *require* the cards to answer

### "GPT keeps hallucinating card content"

**Solution**:

1. Add to prompt: "If you're unsure about a card's content, say 'I should reference this from the card, but I'm not certain.'"
2. Quote directly from cards in your system prompt (first 100 words of each)
3. Test with simpler model first (Claude Haiku)

### "The GPT is too rigid / not creative enough"

**Solution**: Lower temperature to 0.5-0.7, adjust sampling parameters, ask open-ended questions.

### "The GPT is too creative / makes stuff up"

**Solution**: Raise temperature to 0.9, add "be precise" instructions, use Claude (more grounded).

---

## Next Steps

1. **Create your first custom GPT** using Quick Start above (5 min)
2. **Have a test conversation** about your theory (10 min)
3. **Collect feedback** in `_refinements/` (ongoing)
4. **Create new cards** as extensions emerge
5. **Share CODEX** with collaborators or publish (optional)

Your CODEX is now active and evolving. Enjoy.

---

**Version Log**:

- v1.0 [2025-01-10]: Initial integration guide; ChatGPT, Claude, open-source paths; refinement workflow
